Update README.md (#39)
pythonindia/inpycon2020: README.md

This is the repo for PyCon India 2020's website.

India’s premier conference on using and developing the Python programming language
is going online this year.

- Conference: October 2-3
- Workshops: October 4
- Dev Sprints: October 4-5

## Getting Started

This site is built with [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/).

* Install Jekyll. Follow the first 2 steps in https://jekyllrb.com/docs/.

> * Run `git clone https://github.com/pythonindia/inpycon2020`.

Reviewer: I think telling the contributors to clone this repo instead of their fork might not be a good idea.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fork the repository and clone to your machine by using `git clone https://github.com/<username>/inpycon2020`.
```

* `cd` to the repo and run `bundle install` to install all dependencies.
* Run `bundle exec jekyll serve`.

> * Visit `http://localhost:4000/2020`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Visit the local development server at `http://localhost:4000/2020`.
```
